Week 1

Had a funeral to attend that overlapped with tutorial so I wasn't there for week 1. Group theorised a travel planning app that 
utilised Google Places API but was struggling with HTML requests using the API. The feedback from the lecturer about our app was 
not positive as they were uncertain on the feasibility of our project.

Week 2

After discussion with the team, we decided to drop out custom project due to its strictness, hence deciding the task management 
project. It did take us quite a while to choose a project due to the fact that we dropped our custom project but there was also 
no standout project from the standard list. After debating our advantages and disadvantages for each project we slowly narrowed it 
down and decided on making a task planner app. A big decider on us going with the task planner app was being more confident with 
adding useful novel features in comparison to other standard projects. The group decided which software tools to use, most likely 
React/Django/Sqlite as the foundation for our code. Organised the frequency of standups (Everyday Tuesday, Thursday, 
Saturday/Sunday). Nguyen created the backlogs (Sprint and cards) and discussed also the frequency of sprints and their time blocks.

Week 3 

Committed to our task planner app, we began storyboarding and theorising what novelties and other design features we would include
in our task planner app. We ended up deciding on implementing a task auto scheduler where we schedule tasks based on available and
preference. We also plan on integrating built in support system with fast look up to keywords to help users better understand 
tasks with unfamiliar terminology. Most of the work we spent this week was on developing user stories and preparing for our report
submission, however Darius also did an environment set up to properly prepare the rest of the group. 

Week 4 & 5

Largely absent due to an overseas trip.

Week 6

Group was mostly inactive due to other people's commitments as well as it being flex week.

Week 7

The other group members submitted their Retrospective A but were told they needed a title page and that it didn't meet the 
standards. In the tutorial, I met up with Darius and Newton introduced me to the project as of this time so I began learning the 
structure of it. I was tasked on adding Tags and Proficiencies for both Users and Tasks as well as cleaning up the formatting of 
the code for the front end. Although I needed a lot of help, I still managed to contribute a lot towards my sections as well as 
pointing out some key flaws that we fixed with our HTML code. 

Week 8

Our group presented for Progressive Demo B and we begun preparation for Sprint 3. Sprint 3 was going to be the addition of our 
novelty features, the dependency and autoscheduling system. The dependency system would relate tasks meaning we could assign 
tasks that wouldn't begin until the parent task was completed. The majority of the group (Darius, Newton, Joshua and Nguyen)
ended up working on various parts for the dependencies. In a group meeting, we discussed ideas and came up with implementations
for each feature. Progress begun for these features but we ended the week with neither feature implemented.

Week 9

Whilst I created the algorithm to determine who was most fit for scheduling the rest of the group finished the dependencies. 
With some help from Darius and Newtwon, our autoscheduler algorithm was fully implemented. It works by using a formula to find 
users within the task group and give a score based on Tags of Completed Tasks, Related Completed Tasks and Profiencies. This 
allows us to provide users who are best suited for the task. 