Week 1

Formed our group. We decided to go with a custom idea (darius' idea) involving a travel planner. Created my github and jira account. As a team we filled out the custom project form to see whether the lecturer/tutor was fine with it. 
We received feedback on the monday of Week 2 saying we had to elaborate more/think of better and new proposals. New member of the team joined during the weekend. We decided to wait for his say before choosing an official project.
I plan to contribute to the sprint and intial stages of the proposal.

Week 2

After further discussion with our new member and the team, we decided to drop out custom project due to its strictness, hence deciding the task management project. It did take us quite a while to choose a project due to the fact
that we dropped our custom project but also it seems that none of the projects listed stood out to any of us. By listing our the pros and cons of each project and researching similar systems to potential projects, we chose the task management project.
We also spoke which software tools to use, most likely react/django/sqlite. Organised the frequency of standups (Everyday tuesday, thursday, saturday/sunday). Nguyen created the backlogs (Sprint and cards) and discussed also the frequency
of sprints and their time blocks. I plan to get part of the proposal done such as user stories/background/technical depth. 

Week 3

On Tuesday, we established our novelty functions with Nguyen coming up with the idea of an integrated support System and our second novelty function as the characteristic tagging system. During the process of our proposal, Nguyen and I worked on the User stories and Darius and Joshua continued to work on our proposal, including the background, storyboard and other parts of the proposal. I worked on the Software Architechture of our project whilst elaborating on the different softwares we used. We all took part on the user stories table in the proposal. I created the background description in the proposal whilst Josh completed the table of competitive systems. On the Thursday, we continued our user stories that extends into our second and third sprint. Brent started to work with us on Sunday as he did the reference.  We finished our proposal on the sunday and submitted before the due date.

Week 4 
After the submission for the proposal, Nguyen created the environment setup for the backend and he finished his register task card on the Tuesday, so that the others and myself could get started. The Nav bar and base.html Nguyen created also helped us with future templates created. On Wedneday, I began on my first task card which was the password recovery system. At first, it didn't work as I hoped to due to Google's new less secure apps system. Where they didn't allow third party apps or programs to login into your email or use an email. I had to work around it by doing a few tricks which end up successfully working. Additionally, due to Josh, Darius and myself being inexperiene with Django, we had to learn a lot from the internet and Nguyen. Next, I worked on the profile detail and profile edit which included just the details the user registered with. We had frequent standups from Thursday and Monday where every member of the team showed up to contribute to each part and help others as well. Overall, we end up with a functioning website and completing all our task cards. 

Week 5 
We began our Sprint 2 which I had three tasks assigned to myself. The three tasks were group list members, commenting section and the friend system. On the thursday of the week 5. I unfortunately had a planned trip to overseas from a while ago so I spoke to my members at the beginning of the term to see if they were okay. For week 5, I've only done research on different approaches to the tasks I was assigned to. 

Week 6 

On Tuesday, once i've settled into my new environment, I began to continue researching the following tasks i was assigned to. The most problem i had was to figuring out how to place two different forms into the same html. On Thursday, I created a friending system that allowed users to friend other users. However I realised the flaw in my system. Where a user can add another user without requesting or the other user permitting. Also they were friends on one end only meaning the system was greatly flawed. A standup was made tuesday, thursday and sunday. I attended to the thusday and sunday standups just to update my current situation and progress. My group member list tag had to be delayed due to other task cards needing to be completed. 

Week 7

Our Retrospective A was due this week on the monday. I contributed to my part of the retro during week 5 tuesday as we had it right after the Demo A. I spoke on how I needed to work on my coding and we needed to regularly structure our standups to ensure consistency. On the week 7 monday and tuesday, I continued to code my friend system. However had no luck with my commenting section due to the two form on one html issue. On the friday I came back from overseas and completed the friend request system. Where the friend system had the ability to send a friend request, accept or decline a friend request, unfriend someone or cancel a friend request that was sent. Darius, Josh, Nguyen were able to update myself on our progression. 

Week 8. 
This week was our Demo B due, Nguyen, Darius, Josh and I were able to complete all our tasks, the comment task card I was working in the previous week with the help of Darius. Our demo was successful in terms of illustrating all the new functionalities we created. After our demo, we continued into our final sprint, where we began on our novelty functionalities such as the integrated support system. We managed to divide the work where I was assigned the task report system. On thursday we had a standup to see where we were up to (not much was done as we gave ourself a break) but we also ensured when we can get most of our task cards done. We decided on the middle of week 9 should be sufficient. 

Week 9. 
The Retrospective B was due and submitted on the monday. Unfortunately, class was made online due to external factors. We discussed on anything that anyone struggled or needed help with. We discussed where we were up to with Tam. With my task report system, I had to make a function where users can export a pdf including tasks they were assigned to. I search a method to render a html to pdf and export a pdf where I used its basic functionalities for my implementation. On wednesday, I initially struggled with the ability to transfer the data from a form to the pdf that was created. However I realised the form I created had minor issues, after fixing I was able to implement basic data. However later realised I had work around with datetime objects and functionalities which took me longer than i expected. On Saturday, I managed to finish the task card and continued to fix anything that was out of place. 

Week 10.
The Final Demo was presented on tuesday, 80% of the demo was going great, however we experience an unexpected occurrence in our demo where it seemed that it server error 500'd for some reason. We soon later realised that it had to do with the most recent commit, where the proficiencies and tags had an error in regards to the recommendation systemm, since the task had an error, deleting it became an issue, so did creating a pdf with a task involved. However we then all worked on the final report through wednesday, thursday and the final day friday. I completed the functionlaties and its relation to objectives, I split it into three sections, functions that related to the objectives, our novelty functions and miscellaneous functions that had its own objective within the project. We submitted the project a few minutes late due to final readjustments. However still managed it to submit it. 
